We're here.
That is one big probable death trap.
You know, when we first saw it in the distance,
I definitely didn't expect this thing to be your home.
Finding a structure like this so deep in No Man's Land is just unprecedented.
I'll need to record this.
What the hell is this?
It looks like it goes all the way to the sphere.
This way! Come along!
Amo says you can enter.
I'll be honest.
I don't like the look of any of this.
It's not all messy.
Amo's room is much, much nicer.
Come on, I'll show you.
One more thing.
Take off your masks, pretty please.
I promise.
The stinky stuff outside can't make it in here, so you don't need them.
Besides, it's nice to see the faces of who you're talking to.
And it's nice to be nice.
Ahahahaha!
Ahhh!
So handsome!
So spicy!
So hunky!
You look so good!
Why hide your faces?
Uh...
Right.
Girl lives at the top of Penta Tower.
Room interior...
Surprisingly whimsical.
Stop recording this.
How the hell does she have so many objects?
We're in the middle of a desert.
I'll start.
Another one here.
What made you want to come see Amo?
We've heard that you've seen some people travel between the sphere and the ground.
We want to talk to one of these people.
Can you point us in a direction?
My turn again!
Let's talk about the kinds of boys and girls we like.
Eh?
Amo only crushes on people who have strong smells
cuz...
face is good. Amo likes your smells, but the one that Amo likes most of all is the big man.
What the hell? That's a bad smile. That's nice, but is this Kiki gonna get us what we want or no?
Amo doesn't know what you mean. We came for info on how to get to the sphere, not a sleepover.
Now I'll break out my onesie if it's the cost of said info. So is it?
Is it?
Why would you say that? Why would you say that? Why would you say that? Why would you say that?
You said you came to talk to Amo!
You did! So then why? Why don't you sound like it? Why do you sound like someone who just wants to use Amo? That's so weird! Why do that? Amo is so happy to have people from the outside come visit, but they only came to you!
Great. Not liking this.
You don't even want to see Amo unless you can get something from Amo! That's so itchy! Why do that? Just say you came to see Amo! It would have been better, even if it was a lie!
Yeah, sorry.
How about I try and rephrase?
Hey, girl. How you doing?
Huh?
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU, CHRIS!?
AMO THINKS YOU SMELL UGLY!!!
Hold up.
Now screw it. I'm gonna be real honest for a sec. You gotta cover up, because I can't think with my head right now.
Cover up?
You think it's Amo's fault you like Amo's clothes too much?
Out of everyone so far, you were the worst kind of worst.
We're breaking up.
You don't get the chance to be friends with Amo.
Honestly, I should have known it would go this way.
Oh crap.
That's the same mark as my gloves!
Could you deal with him, please?
Thank you, big man.
You might excited to pretend anywhere else.
The police are screwed.
Oh no
You like the eyes, huh?
Mary Ann's guitar?
joke
I'm not a murderer
Graffiti, fiend, fire, an angel
All I know is graffiti
I'm not a murderer
Never let me go, never let me go, never let me go
Love me, send me
The face of a bitch and a crime
And you'll face it
Hold me tight
So you can crush me
And you'll face it
Bye bye, yes, I will
I will forgive you
You can't defy me again
Today again again
Yeah
Yeah, love me straight
Haha, ha ha
Hey, Delman. You good?
Say something, man. You're freaking me out.
Hey! Don't sit there smiling like that! What did you do to him?
You did something! You're a giver! Your boots have the same mark as my gloves!
What'd you do? What the hell did you do?!
So, what kind of boys or girls do you like?
Huh? How come you're all quiet now?
You know, talking is how strangers stop being strangers.
If only Amo talks, then you and Amo can't get to know each other better.
Come on, it's easy.
Everyone loves talking about themselves.
I promise it'll be so much more fun if we all share.
Amo doesn't get many visitors, so Amo always wants to make sure everyone has fun.
Well, not everyone. Party poopers don't deserve to have fun.
We're screwed. I can't talk to her. She's completely unhinged.
Huh?
Now it's all coming together.
We can go.
We can keep on talking, but it probably won't matter.
You only listen to whoever's playing along with or mucking up your game.
That's cool.
Cause I know that you'll hear me call you a cow.
Cow?
I don't know what you did to Delman, and frankly, I don't care.
Cause I'm done with your creepy act.
You went after Engine. That makes you an enemy in my book.
I came here to talk, but that's over now.
Now I'm only here to crush my enemy.
Damn, dude.
Meanie.
Amo doesn't understand why you're being so hurtful.
It's wrong. Amo didn't do anything that bad, really.
It's wrong. It's wrong and mean.
And you hurt Amo so, so bad.
And Amo didn't like that.
Huh?
What the hell?
We're on the same team, Delman!
She's using her power to control you?
Shut up, you bastard!
How dare you make her cry!
Now listen up!
If any of you degenerates even think about hurting her, you'll get no mercy from me!
She's my world!
The reason that I draw breath!
And I will protect her, for her happiness is sacred!
Stop!
He's not being controlled.
I should know.
He meant everything he just said.
Wait.
Hold on a sec.
Delman wouldn't just attack us.
But if he's still himself, then what the hell is going on?
What?
Don't you know anything about your friend?
Big Man's Amo's biggest fan.
For ages and ages.
He's your what?
Since when?
Calm down.
Think.
Delman wouldn't turn on his people over some infantile crush.
You still don't know anything.
Big Man would hurt you.
He would do anything if it helped Amo.
Obviously he'd turn on you.
Especially since Amo hasn't done anything wrong.
Amo just wanted to talk about who it was we liked.
But you had to go and ruin it.
And now you'll pay.
The vital instrument of Kikunare.
All this for a fact-finding mission.
I'm starting to regret ever agreeing to come along.
We're fighting again.
Why does everything always turn into a fight?
What happened?
What am I doing wrong?
What's wrong is that you exist.
You were once you tried to help hundreds of people sliced into pieces.
But now you stubborn little franclessness.
Now you TUITIONS you.
And you'll be powdered.
Suppließen die
You have the blood of a criminal.
You were born filth
Wanna know something cool? Amo has another fan here too.
Now all Amo wants is for everyone to stay and have fun talking. Promise.
But...
If anyone tries to ruin the fun, then Amo will be very sad.
And if that happens, then Amo's fan might have to punish someone.
But...
Apostles! You can't...
How did you find me here?!
Open your eyes, Rudo!
This is the only way you can save me.
You'll all wither away if you don't let me water you.
Do not let him do that, whatever you do.
His vital instrument comes from his desire for his plants to grow big and strong.
And I'm guessing anything the water hits gets a sudden growth spurt, right?
Something like that.
It controls the fluid content of its targets,
forcing something to absorb the water
and expand like a balloon.
And well...
I assume you're familiar with what happens when you overfill a balloon.
Kaboom.
So unless you want to end up on the floor like Engine, try and stay dry.
How is he able to get the drop on him?
At least one of us should have noticed that big splash coming straight for him.
Its nozzle has different settings.
Or uses.
Delmon would have had to use the silent nozzle to take out Engine like he did.
But he's never used it before now.
Not on another person.
That woman has to be messing with him.
Come on, y'all.
I'm sure this is nuanced, but who cares?
We get Delmon to chill, it's over.
A problem's only a problem till it isn't.
We can't rush in, Ryo!
Delmon's an ally and he's no pushover.
We need to regroup and take him as a team.
We can't lose another person.
Hey, what's this?
Do you want to know something cool?
Amo has another fan here too.
Ryo! Hey!
Can't trust any of you.
Figured it'd happen sooner or later.
Eyes forward, Ryo!
Pressure adjustment.
Strong.
Your weapon is so cool and powerful!
But you're gonna have to fix whatever you break.
So don't break Amo's house too much, okie dokie.
What'd I say? Pay attention!
Wow!
You don't know who's a fan of Hill anymore, huh?
And now you're scared.
Amo told you, but you didn't listen.
Everyone would have lots of fun if they just talked to Amo.
You can't be enemies when you talk about romantic stuff.
Someone really messed you up.
Hey, Ruto! Get on your feet!
Ruto? They threw me away?
I'm supposed to be on the ground, not here!
This can't be happening.
I'm on the ground.
I was on the ground!
I was!
I can't be back here! I can't!
What the hell's going on with him?
Hey, do you smell that?
It's like... weird.
Like I know it from somewhere.
Where do you think memories come from?
The stuff we've seen and heard.
All the people we've ever met.
It all gets turned into stuff we can remember.
And Amo thinks all that stuff is just a dream.
And I'm the one who's dreaming.
And Amo thinks all that stuff comes from smells.
If you don't want to talk about who you like right now,
then Amo will let you smell what they smell like.
And then maybe you'll want to talk.
I'll let you know when I'm ready.
Chiwa...
He's perfect!
I'll love him always.
But you didn't...
You said you would, but you didn't!
You just threw him away!
Right in front of me!
You never cared about him in the first place!
Ruto was the other fan?
No, he hasn't turned on us.
She's got her claws into him, like with Delman.
I think she's making them see something.
Now we just gotta find out how.
Make people see things?
That's just silly.
Amo doesn't know how to make things
that aren't there.
The only things Amo can make are smells.
And only smells about happy times.
Smells that make you remember being with people you love.
It's different for each person.
But when someone smells the right smell,
they always protect Amo.
Oops.
Amo told a big secret.
And we definitely appreciate you doing that.
So basically, if we smell whatever it is you're putting off,
we'll start thinking that you're the one we hold in our heart of hearts.
Makes sense why you were butthurt about our masks.
Wouldn't want your guests wearing something that'll keep you from controlling them.
For future reference, it's a dangerous game playing with memories
that you know absolutely nothing about.
We don't always love good people,
nor does loving them leave us with only good memories.
Sometimes the people we want to kill are the ones we love.
So yeah, maybe we're not the only ones who love good people.
We're not the only ones who want to take you out.
You're stupid!
And stinky!
Your brains run your souls!
Stop!
Amo told you, remember?
Amo makes smells of happy times,
so you have to be happy!
You're a liar.
You never cared.
You looked at me like I was a monster.
And I hate you so much!
So why?
You're a liar.
Why am I happy?
I'm so happy it feels like it's gonna eat me inside out!
No! No way!
Let me go!
You're hurting me!
Ruto!
Ruto, help me!
Hey, dick!
You're paying for that, you hear me?
Ruto!
Shut up.
I'm not the same guy you used to trample on.
I'm someone with power now.
The kind of power you apostles only thought you had.
So get in line, assholes,
because I'm about to show you what real power looks like!
Take it easy, yeah?
I can handle these punks for you.
Don't you worry.
I won't stop until they're down.
Follow?
I'll crush you!
You!
Seems we've miscalculated our numbers.
How unfortunate.
They're too far gone now.
I'd hoped to never use my instrument on a friend.
So this is on you.
Tak neweru ttouge teru paai janai kuro
Thank you for watching!